Modify chapter and section titles (#175)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/proc-gcp-deleting-backups-playbook.adoc

[id="proc-gcp-deleting-backups-playbook"]

= Delete backups

There are two possible ways to delete backups:

> * Use the `gcp_backup_delete` playbook which deletes one backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `gcp_backup_delete` playbook which deletes a single backup.
```
